[ESS] Timeline docs should be updated with the new UI (#4483)
elastic/security-docs: docs/events/timeline-ui-overview.asciidoc

You can drag or send fields of interest to a Timeline to create the desired query. For example, you can add fields from tables and histograms
on the *Overview*, *Alerts*, *Hosts*, and *Network* pages, as well as from
other Timelines. Alternatively, you can add a query directly in Timeline
by expanding the <<narrow-expand,query builder>> and clicking **+ Add field**.

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/timeline-ui-updated.png[example Timeline with several events]

In addition to Timelines, you can create and attach Timeline templates to
<<detection-engine-overview, detection rules>>. Timeline templates allow you to
define the source event fields used when you investigate alerts in
Timeline. You can select whether the fields use predefined values or values
retrieved from the alert. For more information, refer to <<timeline-templates-ui>>.

[discrete]
[[open-create-timeline]]

== Create new or open existing Timeline

To make a new Timeline, choose one of the following:

> * Go to the Timelines page (**Investigations** -> **Timelines**), then click **Create new Timeline**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Go to **Timelines**, then click **Create new timeline**. 
```

> * Go to the Timeline bar (which is at the bottom of most pages), click the image:images/add-new-timeline-button.png[Click the add new button,20,20] button, then click **Create new Timeline template**.

Reviewer: I don't see this button in the Timeline bar in ESS BC2

Author: Yeah, BC2 doesn't have this change so you wouldn't see it there. It's available on the latest snapshot of 8.12 though:
<img width="800" alt="Screenshot 2023-12-21 at 11 35 57 AM" src="https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/assets/79124755/007d55f9-5a00-4a6a-8e8f-e3bf648cd516">

* From an open Timeline or Timeline template, click **New** -> **New Timeline**.

To open an existing Timeline, choose one of the following: 

* Go to the Timelines page, then click a Timeline's title. 

> * Go to the Timeline bar, click the image:images/add-new-timeline-button.png[Click the add new button,20,20] button, then click **Open Timeline**.

Reviewer: Same as above

> * From an open Timeline  or Timeline template, click **Open**, then select the appropriate Timeline. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* From an open Timeline  or Timeline template, click **Open**, then select a Timeline. 
```
Would be more similar to what you wrote above but feel free to ignore me :)

> To avoid losing your changes, you must save the Timeline before moving to a different {security-app} page. If you change an existing Timeline, you can use the **Save as new timeline** toggle to make a new copy of the Timeline, without overwriting the original one.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To avoid losing your changes, save the Timeline before moving to a different {security-app} page. If you change an existing Timeline, you can use the **Save as new timeline** toggle to make a new copy of the Timeline without overwriting the original one.
```

[discrete]
[[narrow-expand]]
== Use the Timeline query builder

Expand the query builder by clicking the query builder button (image:images/query-builder-button.png[Click the query builder button,20,20]) to the right of the KQL query bar. Drop in fields to build a query that filters Timeline results. The fields' relative placement specifies their logical relationships: horizontally adjacent filters use `AND`, while vertically adjacent filters use `OR`. 

> TIP: Collapse the query builder and provide more space for Timeline results by clicking the query builder button (image:images/query-builder-button.png[Click the query builder button,20,20]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
TIP: Collapse the query builder to provide more space for Timeline results by clicking the query builder button (image:images/query-builder-button.png[Click the query builder button,20,20]).
```
